{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Project Moving to New York from Boston\
\
Due to the pandemic, a lot of people around the world have been forced to work from home. However, seeing as a lot of companies have seen that having employees work remotely as a feasible long-term option, a lot of people have moved from more expensive cities like New York, save rent, and maintain their same jobs. Due to the decreased demand for real state, rent prices have reduced substantially so for a lot of people now would be a good opportunity to move to a city that they couldn\'92t afford pre-pandemic. According to Forbes, rent in New York City has dropped to 10-year lows. Rent in Manhattan has dropped 12.7%, which more than the 10% drop that happened during the 2008 recession. \
The fall is propelled by a rental inventory in New York City that\'92s more than double that of last year, with an overall increase of 37,000 rentals.\
\
For the purpose of this project, we are going to look at my particular case. I live in Cambridge, MA, which is adjacent to the city of Boston. Given that rent has decreased substantially in New York (Manhattan) and is now comparable to rent in the Cambridge/Boston area, I want to explore the idea of moving to a similar neighborhood in New York. For that, I will be doing a clustering analysis with neighborhoods in Boston and Cambridge to understand more about the features of the neighborhood I live in. Then, I will proceed to do a clustering analysis with neighborhoods in Manhattan (my preferred borough \
}